---
title: SparX - Data Scientist
layout: default
---

## Data Scientist

### Introduction

SparX is a small engineering team focused on applying online machine
learning and predictive modeling to eCommerce (impacting a 24 billion
dollar business).

We apply engineering and data science to tough problems such as
dynamic pricing, shipping estimations, personalized emails, and
multi-variate testing.

We are always looking for talent in data-science, engineering and
devops. Bonus points if you can bridge 2 of these together. We love
people with strong fundamentals who can dive deep.

We're a small team, so you will have an opportunity for a high-impact
role, targeting over 50 million users. You will be working on some of
the bleeding edge problems with the freedom to chose your language,
tools and algorithms. You will have access to all the resources and
data from the second biggest etailer in the world.

But our best perk is our colleagues: a diverse and extremely talented
team of stunning engineers, data-scientists and eCommerce experts.

At Sparx we believe that providing an environment with the freedom to
explore and share is the quickest way to innovate. For instance, we
have invested in developing a powerful experimentation platform that
enables us to quickly try out newer algorithms to learn and innovate
fast. Also a lot of our scientists and engineers actively contribute
to open source projects and regularly present our learnings at
conferences and through articles.

We are located in San Mateo, walking distance from the Cal-Train
station. Come visit or apply online at http://staples-sparx.com.

### Requirements

* Bachelor's / Master's / Phd in Computer Science or Phd in Physics, Mathematics or related fields

* Minimum 1 years of experience with a mix of the following:

* Predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining
  algorithms. Must have knowledge/experience in some/all of the
  following: Multivariate Regression, Logistic Regression, Support
  Vector Machines, Bagging, Boosting, Decision Trees, Lifetime
  analysis, common clustering algorithms, Optimization, Stochastic
  Processes, Hidden Markov Models.

* Statistical analysis tools such as Scipy, R,  Matlab and/or
  Weka.

* Data Mining Distributed databases and query languages and/or general
  map reduce computing : Hadoop, Spark etc.

* Information retrieval.

* Good programming skills.

* Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the
  ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to
  all types of business partners.

* Experience interacting with cross functional teams.

* Above average capabilities with SQL is a plus.

* Experience in eCommerce (Retail or Marketplaces) is a plus.

* Experience functioning independently while providing regular
  updates, identifying challenges, and escalating via management chain
  in order to achieve the set goals.

* Contribution to open source projects is a plus.

### Personal Attributes

* Passion for learning and innovating new methodologies in the
  intersection of applied math / probability / statistics / computer
  science.  Proficient at translating unstructured business problems
  into an abstract mathematical framework.

* Ability to make intelligent approximations of mathematical models in
  order to make them practical and scalable.

* Constant search for improvement -- external and internal

* Ability to build relationships across all functions and levels

* Innovative in problem solving

* Demonstrate respect for the value of each co-worker. Maintain a positive attitude

* Strong bias for action, without compromising quality

* Ability to adapt as job requirements change or evolve

# Join the Team

Sound like a cool challenge? Get in touch at
[careers@stapleslabs.com](mailto:careers@stapleslabs.com), you'll
never look back!
