---
title: SparX - DevOps Engineer
layout: index
---

## DevOps Engineer

### Introduction

SparX is a small engineering team focused on applying online machine
learning and predictive modeling to eCommerce (impacting a 24 billion
dollar business).

Our stack is 100% Clojure, service oriented, targeting 50 million
users with 1ms SLAs. We apply engineering and data science to tough
problems such as dynamic pricing, shipping estimations, personalized
emails, and multi-variate testing.

We are always looking for talent in data-science, engineering and
devops. Bonus points if you can bridge 2 of these together. We love
people with strong fundamentals who can dive deep.

We're a small team, so you will have an opportunity for a high-impact
role, targeting over 50 million users. But our best perk is our
colleagues: a diverse and extremely talented team of seasoned
engineers and data-scientists.

We are located in San Mateo, walking distance from the Cal-Train
station. Come visit or apply online at http://staples-sparx.com.

### Position Summary

A infrastructure engineer and a Linux/AWS/Chef expert who likes the
challenge of mission-critical distributed systems. Love turning
clusters of servers into efficient platforms that can scale with the
business. Understand and can implement self-healing systems,in order
to literally automate most of your work away.

We are looking to fill multiple roles for our Innovation Lab. If you
are an experienced engineer with the following experience please
apply! We have multiple opportunities for individual contributors as
well as leadership roles. ã€€

### Requirements

* BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or other technical field

* A passion for innovation and pushing the envelope, while being down
  to earth and pragmatic

* You think about edge cases and performance implications of what you
  build.

* You know when to do it fast, when to do it right, and how to find
  the best compromise between the two.

### Preferred

* Experience with large-scale web-based applications using Java
  and other object-oriented languages.

* Understanding of cloud native distributed systems

* Understanding of auto scaling and fault tolerance

* Experience with high availability web services

* A thorough understanding of how business needs drive product features

# Join the Team

Sound like a cool challenge? Get in touch at
[careers@stapleslabs.com](mailto:careers@stapleslabs.com), you'll
never look back!
