---
title: SparX - Product Manager
layout: index
---

##  Product Manager

### Introduction

For Staples, the world’s **3rd largest eCommerce player**, no problem
is trivial. You want scale, a fire hose of data and the chance to
target and impact a **24 billion dollar business**?  We’ve got that
and more!

SparX is a **small team** (30 people) based in San Mateo, CA which
specializes in **eCommerce** and is dedicated to leveraging
**personalization & big data to drive sales & profit**.  We operate in
**startup mode but have the backing of Staples**.

The San Mateo team is currently driving major initiatives in
**next-generation digital platforms, personalization, marketing,
pricing, order fulfillment, supply chain, merchandizing**, and **big
data research**, to be leveraged in 26 countries.

We’re hiring individuals who **bring strong product, business, and
eCommerce experience** to our cutting-edge team. You will get a chance
to **influence Staples re-invention** as it expands to a wider
**marketplace** approach and **aggressively automate, personalize and
scale its operations and user experience.

### Position Summary

The Product Manager will be responsible for representing the SparX
team driving business requirements for our existing SparX products and
drive the creation of new products or processes with high-impact on
Staples bottom-line. This role will partner strategically with both
internal engineering teams and external teams in order to deliver
SparX products to all Staples business units.  The vision for this
role is to **bring world-class eCommerce expertise to the SparX
team**, to drive increased sales and have a **tremendous impact** on
Staples as a whole.

### Requirements

* Bachelors degree

* Minimum 6 years related product management experience

### Preferred

* Experience with Big Data & Data Science based product development

* Demonstrated understanding of online merchandising, marketing and/or
  online interface design experience

* Previous experience with high-leverage and innovative eCommerce
  players such as Amazon, Walmart, Target

* Experience with order management, fulfillment center, distribution
  centers, supply chains

* Experience with pricing & marketing strategies in an eCommerce context

* High level of attention to detail, and the ability to work
  independently, adjust priorities, and work in a continuously
  changing environment

* Strong strategic, analytical and critical thinking skills; ability
  to break down complex problems and formulate plans, experience with
  test & learn methodologies

* Proven ability to collaborate broadly with flexible, positive
  attitude and ability to consistently deliver results

* Exceptional oral and written communication skills; ability to
  communicate to the senior executive levels

# Join the Team

Sound like a cool challenge? Get in touch at
[careers@stapleslabs.com](mailto:careers@stapleslabs.com), you'll
never look back!
